Foster care and all that kinda stuff. And it's been great.
It's been great talking, talking to everybody.
And I think that when you have a topic like that too, it helps because they're,
they're not really trying to, to crush you as much when you're, you know,
when you're talking to 'em about kids who need families and homes and that kind
of thing.
Right, right, right. Yeah. Yeah.
They have to be careful with letting their piece of claw out. <laugh>.
Now you said that your experience with adopting three kids started out as a
nightmare. Yeah. Like how did it start.
Out as a nightmare? Well, it goes into it, uh, you know, you know,
you have friends that, that join the military and when they're in high school,
they think they're really tough. And they're like, yeah, yeah,
it's gonna be awesome. And then they go to boot camp and then they're like, oh,
this is really hard. And they, then they get on top of it and then they're,
and then they're good again, you know,
but they have to go through that transition of like, oh man,
maybe I'm not as tough as I thought I was. And then.
They get tough. So you never had any kids. I never had any kids had dog,
a dog thing did the dog thing.
So you know how to take care of in a very small way.
I had a friend who said that to me, so well, I've had a dog. Oh yeah.
About having a kid. I've heard that a lot.
I'll kill you with a rock <laugh> you better not compare the two that's.
So stupid. Yeah. And we, no, we, we went from, you know,
zero kids and you kinda think, well,
I babysat my sister's kids and that kind of thing thing, and yeah, that's,
that's the.
A movie question they to a whole movie. Yeah. <laugh>.
Two hours. And even what happens is you go, so, so for us, we,
we had a really interesting experience where we went to an adoption fair and
that's, that's in the movie. It's a real thing where they, because they,
you know, their,
their budgets are stretched so tight that they they'll have these outdoor
events. Not every county has 'em, but LA county has. 'em where you,
where they'll bring a bunch of kids that are,
that are in the system and a bunch of prospective parents.
And they'll just have like games and stuff going on.
It's a really bizarre event. And we went, you know,
and you're there to meet kids, you know, to meet your kids.
And so we went there and we didn't wanna have anything to do with teenagers
because not, you know, just because we were scared, we thought we're,
we're not ready for that. We just want to find like some little kids,
cute little kid that we can, you know, help out. And, uh,
and then the teenagers are all off to the side because everybody's afraid of 'em
and it's the most heartbreaking thing you've ever seen cuz they know why they're
there. Like they chose to be there and they know that everybody's scared of 'em.
Right. So I was there and I was like, oh my God, the worst thing I've ever seen.
And we ended up sort of inadvertently meeting this teenage girl and her brother
and sister and just, they just seemed cool.
And they just seemed like really good kids and just scared, scared, scared.
But we wrote 'em down on our sheet and just again, not what we <laugh> yeah.
What we had planned on when we did this,
but we wrote 'em down on our sheet and we went home.
They were gonna match us with them cuz no one else was gonna put 'em down and
we, we get home and we find out, yes,
you've been matched with these kids and we're like, okay, here we go.
We're gonna have, you know, we're gonna have a teenager. Uh, they were 16,
13 and 11. Yeah. <laugh> whoa. So, so we're, we're,
you know, kind of wrapping our heads around this over the next couple weeks.
And we, we got to a place where we were like, okay, you know, we can do this.
And then we got a call from the social worker and she said, you know, um, it's,
it's not gonna work out with them. The, uh,
they've been in the system for four years,
the girl she's really holding out hope that her mom is coming for her.
So she's refusing the placement. And so we tried to,
and, and I was like, I was, you know,
when you hear that it's so just the same reaction you guys just had.
So my wife and I wrote an, a letter to send through the,
the social workers, just saying, Hey, we get it. If you,
maybe you guys just want to come and just do the foster thing or, you know,
however you want to do it. And we, we, we just sort of sent the letter off.
We didn't hear anything. And then she came back and she just said, yeah,
it's not gonna happen. And then she very matter of factly just said,
but there's these other three kids.
And those kids are my kids now who I love more than anything in the world.
Really.
And that's how in that conversation, like.
No, there's these other three kids. And we were like, oh, oh, alright. And you,
you want there to be, or I shouldn't say you, I mean,
I wanted there to be a certain amount of randomness. Like when you have,
you know, biological kids, you don't know what you're gonna get. Yeah.
And go into that, that event where you're sort of like meeting kids and it,
it feels weird. And so when she said there's these other three kids, we said,
okay. And then they turned out to be younger, you know, six,
three and 18 months. Um,
but I never forgot meeting that, that girl and her brother and sister.
So when the, when the time came that we were gonna make a movie about it,
I really, that was the Genesis of the Lizzy character was right. Mm.
I wanted to make sure there was a teenager in this movie because they they're so
misunderstood. And in the process,
I went out and met with a bunch of families that had adopted teen girls and then
met with a lot of those girls who,
some of whom are grown up and some of whom are still, you know, uh,
with their families. And, and this is the thing, you know, the,
the scariness that we're all talking about,
everyone of these families that I met with just great stories, like amazing,
great stories, like hard times, you know, trying,
trying to make that connection and whatever. But,
but everybody with the same story wouldn't have it any other way changed our
life for the better met these incredible kids. And, uh,
this is yeah. And now I'm yamering, but no, you're not making camera.
At all. How, how old are they now? How many years.
Have you had them? Uh, almost seven years. So my son, Johnny just turned 13.
Wow. My daughter's nine and my, my other son is eight. And, um, how, how.
Long was it between the phone call of like I had these other three kids and you
actually getting them in your house? Um.
God, what was it? It,
it was a couple of weeks because there was a couple of weeks, that's it? Yeah.
No, it wasn't long at all. Whoa. But, uh, yeah,
it was cuz cuz they called and they said we have these other three kids and
then, uh, and then there was gonna be a meeting because they, they,
they won't tell you much about the kids until,
until they really sit down with you and then they kind of walk through like
here's, you know, whatever trauma, here's, whatever, you know, kind of, so,
and again, they don't for,
in our case they don't have all the information obviously on their past.
So they can kind of tell you, like here's how they came into this,
what they system and that, that kind of thing.
So I wasn't able to go because I was, I was,
I was at a work thing and so my wife went to the meeting and I was like
listening to it, you know?
And I was on speaker phone in the meeting and uh <laugh> and there was this one
moment, you know,
and she's telling us everything and there's this one moment where she slides the
picture across to my wife. Mm-hmm <affirmative> says here's a picture of them.
And there's this long pause and my wife goes, oh, are cute.
But <laugh>, they didn't sound cute by the inflection in their voice.
And you know, you're,
you're trying not to be you're you're trying not to be that guy, you know,
you're like, wait, what do they look like? <laugh> but, but you know,
you don't wanna be shallow about it. I mean, kids are kids and you know,
you're gonna fall in love with them regardless, but you know, like you kind,
everybody wants to think their own kids are cute, whatever. So it, it was funny.
And then when saw the picture, the picture was, it was just a weird,
bad picture of the kids.
Like my son who was six at the time looked like he was 11 and he looked like
this. It was just the look on his face and whatever looked hard. Yeah.
He looked, he looked hard and a little, yeah. And,
and we go over to the house and these kids are adorable, so, oh,
so this is sorry, I'm getting ahead of myself. So, so when you,
so we have the meeting go, okay,
we're gonna go meet with 'em and just to be clear, we didn't say okay.
Because the picture, because the picture was kinda like neither here nor there,
you know, we were just like, all right, let's go meet these kids.
So we go to the house and these kids are adorable. Mm-hmm <affirmative> and,
and it's the weirdest thing ever,
cuz you go to this foster home where they live and you play with them for
like two a hours.
And when do you ever play with any kids for two straight hours?
Like actually actively play with kids, especially kids you've never met before.
Sure. So it's exhausting. Yeah. And it's weird. And,
and we touch on this in the movie that I was really scared when we were getting
there. Cause I wanted so much to walk in, see these kids well up,
up with tears, know it's for real know,
these are my kids and just have that like cosmic connection moment.
And that didn't happen at all. Like I it's more weird. Right.
Were so you I'm gonna live with you. Yeah. And well,
and the little kids are just kinda like, this is no,
it's actually weird in the other direction.
They're so used to kind of being passed around that. They're just kind of like,
oh, okay. Who are these people now? Wow. You know?
And so we get in there and then the, the foster mom in our case was like, uh,
go to your mom and dad. And I was like, oh, don't do that. Don't do that. Whoa,
whoa. Don't say, you know, slow your role.
Cause it just felt so obtrusive to the kids, you know? Yeah. And so we,
we would go there every day for five straight days, we,
we would go there when the kids were off school and we we'd go and play with
them first in the backyard and then you'd take 'em to the park and then you'd
take 'em to the park and you'd take 'em out for ice cream.
And you're just kinda like getting to know these kids that are strangers to try
to change their names. Uh, yeah. First day, soon as we walked in, I was like,
you're you're white now. <laugh> no, we didn't do that.
The little one wouldn't even know though dude.
Yeah. Year that's. That is true. That is true. No memory.
You know what a lot of, a lot of people do. In fact, a lot of kids,
a lot of older kids that's sort of have that will, will wanna change their name,
not just their last for a new fresh start. Yeah. That they'll just want to,
you know, really. Yeah. Yeah. I, I sense I don't have any experience with that,
but I've heard that, that sometimes kids will choose to, there was a, a,
a young lady that was at the screening last night,
who was who her picture is at the end of the movie. She's like,
she's in Ireland getting her PhD right now of this girl that these people
adopted outta foster care. And she's, she's amazing. Yeah. And, and she,
she had chosen to change her name. Yeah.
I mean, that seems like it would mean something. Yeah.
Now that I think about it, it just seems, you know, changing a name yeah.
Is especially as a teen, but I mean, I get it. If you're saying like,
I wanna put everything in the past. Yeah.
You wanna start over fresh start really lock it down. This is the new means.
My new I'm Kobe Bryant. I used to be number eight. I'm 24 now <laugh>.
Well,
and that touches on something that is really difficult when you're doing this as
an adoptive parent, is that you're trying to walk this line all the time,
where you, you know, you, you need to claim these kids for your own.
You need to be the person who's like, you're with us. Like we're, we're,
we're with you. We got your back. We're behind you. Like you, you,
you need to do that. That's what these kids don't have. Right.
This thing that we all take for granted, right?
We have these parents that love us no matter what knucklehead things we do.
So you're trying to do that. But at the same time,
you're trying not to impose your world on them because they're coming into it
with their own, you know, personality and their own, you know,
culture or whatever it is that behind them.
So you're always trying to kind of be careful and walk this line between just,
just completely bringing them in,
but not trying to change them into who you are.